Move updates into main (#39)
ostis-ai/py-sc-client: docs/changelog.md

and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

## [Unreleased]
### Changed
 - Change single logger to a logging hierarchy
### Removed

>  - Remove high-level classes because they are 
>    [implemented in py-sc-kpm](https://github.com/ostis-ai/py-sc-kpm/tree/main/src/sc_kpm)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - ScModule, ScAgent and ScKeynode class implementations moved to [py-sc-kpm](https://github.com/ostis-ai/py-sc-kpm/tree/main/src/sc_kpm)
```
